Hello, everyone.
Welcome to the guided Project about business analysis
and process management. I am Mahi and I will be your instructor
for this project.
I have around four years of teaching experience in the field
of business informatics and a master of science degree
specialized in Business Process Analysis Let's now have a brief
overview of the Rhyme platform on the right side panel.
You see my cloud desktop I am moving my cursor right now
on the left side.
The big cloud desktop you see is yours.
All right.
This is a hands on project, so please watch what I'm doing.
And follow those steps on your own cloud desktop, if you need to
pause my instructions at any time.
Please bring the cursor on top of my cloud desktop and click
the pause button, if I am going too fast or too slow.
You can increase or decrease the speed of the video
by clicking the speed button below the pause button.
In this project, you will learn the basic steps of analyzing
business problems and solving them from a process view
through case based learning.
By the end of this project, as a business analyst or manager
or a process director.
You will be able to model and analyze an entire business
scenario from a process view which will enable you to one.
Define your business processes, their objectives and how
they flow within the organization context to identify
the different process stakeholders and the rules in your
business processes finally evaluate the current.
This is from a process view.
Breakdown the problems and find an applicable business
solution.
To make the best out of this course, you should be familiar
with the basics of Lucidchart as a process modelling tool
which you will use for free to model
and analyze business process activities for each task in your
project, I will demonstrate to you the different concepts
to a pre established case study, and then you will be asked to do
the same for a similar case that was designed for the sole
purpose of practicing through the entire project upon which
you will learn.
Business analysis and process management. The case study that I
will run you through involves an online boutique concept
store that offers home styling, services and home decor
items. It has specialized in providing finishing, furnishing
and styling interior needs to each client.
The case you will practice with involves a yoga studio that
is looking to hire new yoga teachers.
Okay, now let's dive into task one In our business analysis
and process management journey, in this task,
We will discuss how to identify the main business aspects
in its major business needs let's start with identifying
the business.
In order to do this, kindly pause your video and sign
into your Google account.
Now open the Google sheet you can see in the desktop now
called Mahi's Styling Business, and as soon as it opens
press file, make a copy.
Now you will be working on your copy, which you can easily
find later on your drive. 
As analysts, we approach any business scenario through answering this series
of questions.
I will answer each question for my styling business,
and you will follow me in doing that.
And then after we're done with this exercise, you will get
to practice on your own.
in your yoga studio case. Each time you answer a question
for the styling business, pause the video and take the time
you need.
Let's start by answering the first question through listing
the products of service that the business offers now who
are your target 
Customers? describe them in your own words, for example, even
specify their demographics, including their gender indication.
You can also go as deep as described their interests
and their personal characteristics.
Now write down your ultimate goal that your business is
to achieve.
In the long term.
They could be multiple ones.
The next question allows you to think of your business
timeline with regards to fulfilling your objectives.
Are you still starting up your business?
Or are you now well established but struggling to grow
beyond a certain point?
Have your product matured and you're still searching for ways
to create a new fertile product.
After you specify the phase your business is currently going
through, you may take a brief look at the competition
in the market you operate in and evaluate where you stand
in comparison to them.
Are you in the top market leaders or are you still struggling
to prove yourself?
Okay, you can now check my version of your yoga studio business
identification plan or my ancestors previous questions that
are shown on my cloud desktop here now that we
have developed a clear, holistic view of your major
business aspects, you should end up with texts like the
one I showed you in the previous document, and now you
can dig into a business details as much as you can, as this
will always provide you with a more clear view and help
you later on in the project.
Now that your goal
is clear
You should now also be able to tell what you need to achieve
this goal and sell your product or service to
target customers in a way that improves your status
in the market.
Pause the video and start listing those business needs
Hi again!
If you check my sample of the business needs list, you
will find that they reflect the identity of the business that
we cleared up in the previous exercise, for example, simply
because it's an online boutique store.
Then we should need a good qualified UI or UX designer
for the website.
Good. Now I need you to pause
the video and create a similar document for your own yoga studio?
case remember, you're own a yoga studio you that
it's still starting up and looking to recruit new 
yoga teachers.
Now go ahead and create the document through answering these
five questions.
Perfect! Now
you should have edited your copy of Mahi's Styling Business
and created your own yoga studio business.
And this is a sample that I created for you to check and see
if you're on the right track or not.
You can find this document as a copy in your desktop.
Please.
If you need to edit anything, this document make a copy,
as we did in the previous exercise.
And as you can see here, my business needs
list again reflects the identity of the business.
For example, it needs to develop a team of qualified, dynamic
individuals, given that the studios looking to hire new yoga
instructors and people who are well aligned with the image
that they're trying to depict. Great.
That wraps up this task in which we learned about how
we establish a business identity and understand our main
business.
needs. You now have created
You have created the base needed to build on and eventually
start analyzing.
business problems. In the next task we will discuss.
business processes in terms of definition, components as well
as application in a business context.